[WIP] Add ability to exclude namespaced pipelines (#1046)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

# Release 5.1.1

## Major features and improvements

> - Allow users to include/exclude modular pipelines on the flowchart. (#1046)

Reviewer: Users could always include them, so maybe this makes a little more sense?

```suggestion
- Allow users to hide modular pipelines on the flowchart. (#1046)
```
